hello hello my name's Adam and I'm going
to show you comp replicator comp
replicator is a script that lets you use
data from a spreadsheet to make endless
variations of an After Effects comp you
can take the information straight from a
CSV and use it to replace text or layer
sources let me show you how it works
first thing here is we'll want to select
our template comp and since we have this
one open it is already selected and the
next thing we'll want to do here is just
go and grab a CSV file F next step is if
we want to render out a movie or a still
Frame send it off to Adobe Media encoder
or you can even duplicate any template
comp items that are already in the
render
queue so if I open up the CSV file and
if we click over to these numbered tabs
you can see that all of the data from
the CSV is loaded up here including the
headers so the next step is to go
through these targets and select each
layer that we want to replace
the first one here the name is going to
be a text layer so we'll just leave this
on the default text filter and there's a
way to fill out these targets
automatically which I'll show you in a
minute but right now I'm doing it the
slow way the next targets we need to
replace are layer sources so we'll
switch the filter to source and what we
have here is a file path to a PNG file
called red team Banner so we'll select
the team Banner here which also happens
to be inside of a pre-m but don't worry
because comp replicator will handle
duplicating all of the pre-ms as well
and this one you can see is just a name
but how are we going to replace a source
with a name well it's going to go and
search the project and find the
corresponding comp or Whatever item is
named headshot one okay and we're all
set up so let's just hit create
comp and now if we hit play we can see
we have everything in
place John Smith software developer blah
blah blah blah blah and it up in the UI
it's already queed up to go on and
create the next one so we can just Jam
along okay now say we have an issue here
like let's say we got an email and
Elena's not a data scientist she's
actually a data analyst we just have to
click back on this line row selector to
her name and we can update data
scientist to data
analyst and there we go and if we go
over to the render queue here we can see
the comps have been added as duplicates
of these custom Runner settings and this
custom output
module okay I just want to show you real
quick how to automatically select the
target layers without having to pick
each one out of a list all you have to
do is go to your template comp click on
the layer that you want to Target and
anywhere in the name type out at hashtag
and then the number of the target so if
I do that and then come over and click
refresh here you'll see that it is
targeted automatically uh I have also
prepared a comp here that I'll just
select which has everything typed out
including inside of the pre
comps okay let's go ahead and just
create all and then take a look at
what's actually being created here now
you can see that we have all the comps
and we have all these assets that have
been imported and we have all of our
duplicated
pre-ms and there we go and finally if
you you know say oh I need to add still
frames of each of these or whatever you
can just click still frame and as long
as you haven't closed to the script you
can just hit Q existing and it will put
all of your existing comps into the
render queue you might be thinking you
know this is kind of a small interface
what if I have a whole bunch of data
that I want to control well I'm just
going to click up here which shows you
any CSV files that you have imported
into your project and if I click this
one you can see that the UI will
automatically adjust to the size of your
CSV file if you're like you know what I
kind want to see all of my data at once
you can just click into the settings
here add more
targets and now we can see all of the
data and if you prefer to run the script
docked it is fully dockable all right
thank you very much for watching I hope
you enjoy the script and if you don't
have it yet go grab it at aescripts
tocom